Improve configuration docs (#107)
yiisoft/widget: docs/guide/en/widget-configuring.md

# Configuring the widget

> Widgets could be configured on multiple levels.
> 
> - Configuration passed to the `widget()` method call;
> - Widget factory configuration:
>   - With definitions;
>   - With themes;
> - With a theme specified at the `widget()` method call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Widget configuration is compiled from multiple parts:

- configuration passed to the `widget()` method call;
- extra configuration from the widget itself by specified theme;
- configuration defined in widget factory configuration:
  - in definitions;
  - in themes.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd use "combined", not "compiled".

> More specific configuration has more priority. Configuration passed to the `widget()` method call has more priority 
> than configuration through widget factory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More specific configuration has more priority. For example, configuration passed to the `widget()` method call has more priority 
than configuration through widget factory.
```

    $container,
    definitions: [
        MyWidget::class => [
            '__construct()' => [
                'name' => 'Base',
            ],
        ],
    ],
);
```

For a description of the configuration syntax, see the
[Yii Definitions](https://github.com/yiisoft/definitions#arraydefinition) package documentation.

### With themes

Themes could be used in case you want to have multiple configuration sets and the ability to switch from one to another.
Theme configuration is named and merged with default configuration. Themes are defined in `WidgetFactory::initialize()`.
To apply the theme automatically, specify it as default theme.

```php
\Yiisoft\Widget\WidgetFactory::initialize(
    /** @var \Psr\Container\ContainerInterface $container */
    $container,
    themes: [
        'red-alert' => [
            MyWidget::class => [
                '__construct()' => [
                    'color' => 'red',
                ],
            ],
        ],
        'black' => [
            MyWidget::class => [
                '__construct()' => [
                    'color' => 'black',
                ],
            ],
        ],
    ],
    defaultTheme: 'black',
);
```

> ## With a theme specified at the `widget()` method call.

Reviewer: Need info about extra configuration from widget itself.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean the fact that theme config is merged with widget call level config?

Reviewer: No. I means such cases as field in `yiisoft/form`: https://github.com/yiisoft/form/blob/e0daafe346b4ac20ed4893451e9a361c47bc9cf0/src/Field/Base/BaseField.php#L150

We have four levels:

1) configuration passed to the `widget()` method call;
2) extra configuration from the widget itself by specified theme (see case in `yiisoft/form`);
3) configuration defined in widget factory themes:
4) configuration defined in widget factory definitions.
